Building Approvals | Dehiwala Mount Lavinia Municipal Council - Official Website
දෙහිවල ගල්කිස්ස මහ නගර සභාව
தெஹிவளை கல்கிசை மாநகர சபை
Dehiwala Mount Lavinia Municipal Council
සිංහළ
EN
தமிழ்
<
/div>
Home
Services.
Hon.Mayor
The Council
History
Downloads
Commissioner
Council Members
Departments
Department of Administration
Department of Finance
Property Valuation
Rate Tax
Mixed income
Department of Engineers
Department of Mechanical Engineers
Department of Legal
Department of health and solid waste management
Department of Electrical
Department of Fire
Department of Health
Department of sport and social welfare
socil welfare
Information center
Downloads
Procurement
Inquiry
Contact
Pay Online
vision & mission
Citizenship Charter
Flowcharts
Information Officer
social welfare
(සිංහළ) ක්‍රීඩා දෙපාර්තමේන්තුව යටතේ දැනට පාලනය වන ක්‍රීඩාගාර හා ක්‍රීඩාංගණ
(සිංහළ) කායවර්ධන මධ්‍යස්ථානවල සාමාජිකත්වය ලබා දිම
Pre School Services
Environment License
Building Approvals
Library
People Health Service
Cemetery Service
Display Board
Business Tax/ License
Drainage Service
Rate Tax
Property Valuation
Purawesi Sarisara
(සිංහළ) ඩෙංගු මර්දන වැඩසටහන්
Building Approval
Street line certificate
Street line is the suggested stripe of land which expect to expand the road or establish newly
This allocated stripe of land is the certificate which indicates the lot line dividing a lot or other area from a street
Building line
Building line certificate is the certificate issue indicating the space which needs to retain from the street when constructing a building
No any construction can be done within this allocated area
Documents to be submitted when obtaining street line/ building line certificates.
1.Assessment tax paid receipt for the relevant quarter (owner’s name should be indicated)
2.Two copies of block plan
3.Should pay Rs. 284.60 for that
Conformity Certificate
Conformity certificate is offered to legalize the dwelling of the constructed building
Here it is examined whether the building has been constructed according to the approved plan
Required documents
01.	Application can be obtained free of charge
02.	If the building has been constructed differently from the approved plan, should pay tolls for the variations
03.	Building license is valid only for 1 year and if the time period has expired, should pay for that number of years
04.	Tolls are charged according to the floor area of residents and commercial buildings
05.	Tolls are charged based on the residential/ commercial basis.
Residential properties
1-3000 m2 – Rs. 3000, Rs. 10 for subsequent 1m2
Commercial buildings
1-100 m2 – Rs. 3000, Rs. 20 for subsequent 1m2
Building certificate
Building certificate is the certificate given prior to make a development in a certain land own to a certain person
After the approval, legal right is confirmed and the legal right will be granted for further developments
This approval is essential to sell this land as well as to obtain a loan
Approval is granted according to the urban development Authority’s regulations
After submitting the required documents along with the application, that approval can be obtained
Application can be obtained after paying Rs. 351.90 and after submitting the application. Payment should be made according to the land area
Approval of block plans
Prior to development of land own to you, the plan should be approved. Block plan can be created by a qualified surveyor. This confirms the title of the land and gets the legal right for development activities.
This approval is essential to sale this land as well as to obtain a loan
 Here, you can confirm the title of the way. Approval is granted under the regulations of Urban Development Authority
 After submitting the required documents along with the application, that approval can be obtained
Application can be obtained after paying Rs. 232.30 and after submitting the application. Payment should be made according to the land area
Clearance certificate obtained prior to a development
This is the fundamental permission which should be obtained prior to a certain development.
This is really important when a person is buying the certain property expecting to make a vast development
Can acquire instructions and data required to draft basic plans for a certain task
Should pay Rs. 339.67 for the application
Inspection fee is Rs.339.67
Required documents
01.	Photocopy of approved block plan
02.	Assessment tax paid receipt for the quarter
03.	Draft of the suggested building
Quick Links
Home
Services
Hon.Mayor
The Council
Procurement
Information Centre
Download
Contact
Contact us
Dehiwala Mount Lavinia Municipal Council
011-2738701 | 011-2738702 | 011-2738275
011-2737510
info@dmmc.lk
join with us
2016 - Dehiwala Mount Lavinia Municipal Council All Rights Reserved
Web Solution By
Cyber Concepts