Pre School Services | Dehiwala Mount Lavinia Municipal Council - Official Website
දෙහිවල ගල්කිස්ස මහ නගර සභාව
தெஹிவளை கல்கிசை மாநகர சபை
Dehiwala Mount Lavinia Municipal Council
සිංහළ
EN
தமிழ்
<
/div>
Home
Services.
Hon.Mayor
The Council
History
Downloads
Commissioner
Council Members
Departments
Department of Administration
Department of Finance
Property Valuation
Rate Tax
Mixed income
Department of Engineers
Department of Mechanical Engineers
Department of Legal
Department of health and solid waste management
Department of Electrical
Department of Fire
Department of Health
Department of sport and social welfare
socil welfare
Information center
Downloads
Procurement
Inquiry
Contact
Pay Online
vision & mission
Citizenship Charter
Flowcharts
Information Officer
social welfare
(සිංහළ) ක්‍රීඩා දෙපාර්තමේන්තුව යටතේ දැනට පාලනය වන ක්‍රීඩාගාර හා ක්‍රීඩාංගණ
(සිංහළ) කායවර්ධන මධ්‍යස්ථානවල සාමාජිකත්වය ලබා දිම
Pre School Services
Environment License
Building Approvals
Library
People Health Service
Cemetery Service
Display Board
Business Tax/ License
Drainage Service
Rate Tax
Property Valuation
Purawesi Sarisara
(සිංහළ) ඩෙංගු මර්දන වැඩසටහන්
Pre Schools
Introduction
The main objective of these pre-schools which aim at early childhood development of children of low income families in the municipality, is to create well – mannered citizens who will be useful to the society.
Our specialty is fulfilling all the needs of children, free of charge and enabling the children to enjoy the free education by providing them with an education in a manner where their mathematical and language abilities are highlighted, and providing them with well balanced nutrition.
For this purpose 14 pre-schools have been established, which cover all the divisions of the municipality.
Preschools list
Pre School
Address
01. Sri Saranankara Pre School
Saranankara Road, Kalubowila, Dehiwala
02.Bhathiya Road Pre School
Bhathiya Road Housing Project, Kalubowila, Dehiwala
03.Sri Samadi Pre School
No.35/1/4, Sri Maha Vihara Road, Kalubowila, Dehiwala
04.Udyana Pre School
Suhada Community Hall, Wanarathanarama Road, Kalubowila, Dehiwala
05.Bogahawatta Pre School
Greenland Mawatha, Kadawatha Road, Nadimala, Dehiwala
06.Nethra Pre School
No. 32/110, 06th Lane, Badowita, Mount Lavinia
07.Nelum Pre School
Peiris Road, Mount Lavinia
08.Gnanendra Pre School
Jayaweera Memorial Hall, Sri Gnanendra Road, Ratmalana
09.Sri Dharmapalarama Pre School
No. 16/30, Dharmapalarama Road, Mount Lavinia
10.Minimuthu Pre School
No. 06, Hena Road, Mount Lavinia
11.Sadaham Pre School
Sadaham Viharaya, Batagala Road, Ratmalana
12.Ratmalana 2 Pre School
No. 86, Jayasooriya Memorial Hall, Dharmarama Road, Ratmalana
13.Sadun Pre School
No. 18, 6th Lane, Borupana Road, Ratmalana
14. Ranajayagama Pre School
Ranajayagama, Waidya Road, Dehiwala
39 well trained teachers and assistants serve in these pre schools.
“Let’s strive to build the world for tomorrow’s inheritors”
These pre school teachers have participated in current internal and outside training programs.
Nethra Pre School, which belongs to the Dehiwala – Mount Lavinia Municipal Council was selected as the best pre-school in the Western Province, in the Performance Appraisal Competition held by the Department of Local Government in the year 2015.
At present, 5 pre-schools are air conditioned under the guidance and supervision of the Hon. Mayor with the aim of providing a comfortable environment for the children to study and protecting them from excessive heat, dust and mosquitos.
1.Sri Saranankara Pre School
2.Sri Dharmapalarama Pre School
3.Nethra Pre School
4.Sri Samadhi Pre School
5.Udyana Pre School
Each year, around 450 children are admitted to these pre schools.
Nutritional Programs
A nutritional program is in operation for these children and accordingly lunch is provided on 5 days each week as follows. For this purpose, a well equipped kitchen is established in each pre school.
Date
Proposed Menu
Monday
Red rice, Egg, Vegetables, Green Leaf Mallum
Tuesday
Vegetable rice, Chicken
Wednesday
Red rice, Egg, Vegetables, Green Leaf Mallum
Thursday
Red rice, Fish, Dhal, Green Leaf Mallum
Friday
Red rice, Potato, Soya Meat
Supervising officers are employed in order to supervise the cleanliness and nutritional value of the food. Health Service Raksaka officers are employed for the pre schools itself.
Other programs
At the beginning of each year, all the students who get enrolled in the pre – schools are given all the necessary items such as 2 uniform sets, socks, shoes, school bags, books, water bottles, etc. free of charge. All the expenses involved in holding concerts grandly each year is borne by the municipal council fund
These pre schools are operated under an annual action plan, and a syllabus and it includes educational and entertainment trips.
Similarly, the children are encouraged to participate in extra – curricular activities such as religious preachings, bakthi geetha, world children’s day programs, etc.
Clinics are held in each pre schools by the municipal council’s medical office of health for Ratmalana and Dehiwala to check the health condition of the children. Similarly, these children are directed towards dental clinics as well.
Introduction of AMI Education System
All the pre school teachers are trained according to the AMI method, which is operated under foreign funds by teachers who teach in international schools. An annual program is also introduced which includes activities that develop children physically and mentally.
A set of tools specially prepared for this task, has been given to all the pre schools.
Qualifications for enrollment to the pre schools:
Being children of parents who reside in the Dehiwala – Mount Lavinia Municipal Council limits.
Completion of 3 years of age
Application for admission to pre schools
Quick Links
Home
Services
Hon.Mayor
The Council
Procurement
Information Centre
Download
Contact
Contact us
Dehiwala Mount Lavinia Municipal Council
011-2738701 | 011-2738702 | 011-2738275
011-2737510
info@dmmc.lk
join with us
2016 - Dehiwala Mount Lavinia Municipal Council All Rights Reserved
Web Solution By
Cyber Concepts